# Connecting Harvard's Past to its Present

We want to show current students and alumni alike what it has been like to live at Harvard since the early 1900s. In order to do so, we want to create a website that chronicles the history of each house and how it has changed over the years. Additionally, we want a sliding timeline from 1900 that links to articles from the Harvard Crimson using a scraper that show what was occurring on campus at that time. Within each house, we want to show the blueprints of each house and allow users to see inside of certain historic rooms like the FDR Suite in Adams House in a manner similar to the interactive presentation of the Giza project. We would like to allow anyone to search a given room in a house and find a list of who lived there for as many years in history as is documented. This feature exists for freshmen but not yet for upperclassmen. Nevertheless, by working with the registrar and resident tutors of certain houses like Tim Smith, we can curate archives that will tell us this information. We would like to allow people to add pictures of what their rooms looked like while they were/are here on campus and comment about their experiences with that room or on campus in general. Additionally, like our sliding timeline, we would like to show statistics on the changing size and architecture of houses, changing demographics, and changes in the housing system itself. To increase the historical nature of each house, we would like to profile several famous alumni and connecting their stories to general American history on the website. To ensure that we are integrating more with the arts and humanities beyond simply a utilitarian purpose, we could offer this website in Spanish, a language in which I am fluent, and speak with professors on campus who specialize in American History to better understand, present, and celebrate Harvard's connection to American history on the website. We are very amenable to more suggestions on how to make our project more integrated with the Arts and Humanities as we recognize some creativity will be required to do so. However, we think that there is vast possibility with this project to ensure that we meet that standard.

As mentioned in the project description, we need to determine how to better fuse our project with academic fields in the arts and humanities. Nevertheless, we are hopeful that there are several ways to tie this website into the History department and Romance Languages and Literatures by offering translations.
